README.md, before:

# blr-boundaries

An interactive tool to find, view and query administrative boundaries in BLR: https://boundaries.vonter.in

Based on and heavily inspired by the [NYC Boundaries Map](https://github.com/BetaNYC/nyc-boundaries) built by [BetaNYC](https://github.com/BetaNYC)

## Contribute

- Report an issue or request a feature on the [issues](https://github.com/Vonter/blr-boundaries/issues) page
- Create a pull request for an issue or feature request on the [issues](https://github.com/Vonter/blr-boundaries/issues) page

## Develop

- Install dependencies with `pnpm install` (or `npm install`)
- Start local dev server with `pnpm run dev` (or `npm run dev`)
- Build site deployment assets with `pnpm run build` (or `npm run build`)

## Copyright

Please see the [LICENSE](https://github.com/Vonter/blr-boundaries/blob/master/LICENSE) file for details.

- Non-code, Creative Commons Attribution 4.0
- Code, GNU General Public License
- Third-party datasets from [OpenCity](https://opencity.in/) (geospatial data)

For the original source on which `blr-boundaries` is based, see the [NYC Boundaries Map](https://github.com/BetaNYC/nyc-boundaries) built by [BetaNYC](https://github.com/BetaNYC)

## Questions

File an [issue](https://github.com/Vonter/blr-boundaries) with the details

Commit message:

Add scripts for TopoJSON generation

README.md, after:

# blr-boundaries

An interactive tool to find, view and query administrative boundaries in BLR: https://boundaries.vonter.in

Based on and heavily inspired by the [NYC Boundaries Map](https://github.com/BetaNYC/nyc-boundaries) built by [BetaNYC](https://github.com/BetaNYC)

## Contribute

- Report an issue or request a feature on the [issues](https://github.com/Vonter/blr-boundaries/issues) page
- Create a pull request for an issue or feature request on the [issues](https://github.com/Vonter/blr-boundaries/issues) page

## Develop

- Install dependencies with `pnpm install` (or `npm install`)
- Start local dev server with `pnpm run dev` (or `npm run dev`)
- Build site deployment assets with `pnpm run build` (or `npm run build`)

### Data

Documentation and scripts for processing the geospatial data are available in the [scripts/](scripts) directory.

## Copyright

Please see the [LICENSE](https://github.com/Vonter/blr-boundaries/blob/master/LICENSE) file for details.

- Non-code, Creative Commons Attribution 4.0
- Code, GNU General Public License
- Third-party datasets from [OpenCity](https://opencity.in/) (geospatial data)

For the original source on which `blr-boundaries` is based, see the [NYC Boundaries Map](https://github.com/BetaNYC/nyc-boundaries) built by [BetaNYC](https://github.com/BetaNYC)

## Questions

File an [issue](https://github.com/Vonter/blr-boundaries) with the details
